Dart Installation on Windows
What is the first step for installing Dart on a Windows machine?

Correct Answer: B) Download the Dart SDK
Explanation: The first step is to download the Dart SDK from the official Dart website.
Which command verifies the Dart installation on macOS?

Correct Answer: D) dart --version
Explanation: Running dart --version in the terminal will display the installed Dart version, verifying the installation.
Flutter Installation on Linux
What is the next step after downloading and extracting the Flutter SDK on Linux?

Correct Answer: B) Update your PATH
Explanation: After extracting the Flutter SDK, you need to update your system’s PATH environment variable to include the Flutter bin directory.
What command is used to run a newly created Flutter app?

Correct Answer: C) flutter run
Explanation: The flutter run command is used to run a Flutter app on an emulator or connected device.
Python Installation on Windows
What is the first step to install Python on a Windows system?

Correct Answer: B) Download Python from the official website
Explanation: The first step is to download the Python installer from the official Python website.
Which option should you ensure is checked during Python installation on Windows?

Correct Answer: C) Add Python to PATH
Explanation: Checking the "Add Python to PATH" option allows you to run Python from the command line without specifying the full path.
How do you verify Python installation on any system?

Correct Answer: A) By running python --version
Explanation: Running python --version will display the installed Python version, confirming the installation.
What command is used to install pip on macOS and Linux?

Correct Answer: C) curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
Explanation: This command downloads the get-pip.py script, which is then used to install pip.
What is the purpose of a virtual environment in Python?

Correct Answer: C) To separate project dependencies and avoid conflicts
Explanation: Virtual environments help manage dependencies for different projects without conflicts.
MySQL Installation on Windows
What is the first step to install MySQL on Windows?

Correct Answer: B) Download MySQL Installer from the official website
Explanation: The first step is to download the MySQL Installer, which guides you through the installation process.
What setup type should you choose for a custom MySQL installation?

Correct Answer: D) Custom
Explanation: The "Custom" setup type allows you to choose specific components to install.
Which products should you select during the MySQL installation?

Correct Answer: A) MySQL Server, MySQL Workbench, and MySQL Shell
Explanation: These products are commonly selected to provide a comprehensive MySQL setup for server management, database development, and command-line interaction.
What is the purpose of setting a root password during MySQL installation?

Correct Answer: B) To secure your MySQL installation with a super-secret password
Explanation: Setting a root password secures your MySQL installation by restricting access to the root account.
How do you begin managing your database after installing MySQL?

Correct Answer: B) Launch MySQL Workbench and connect to your MySQL Server
Explanation: MySQL Workbench is the graphical tool used to manage MySQL databases, connect to servers, and perform administrative tasks.





